Heroku appears to be a very well designed web site. Their initial page looks really nice. I like that the contact information is large and easy to see. The page however, is very overwhelmed with text and there is only one color on the page with various shades. This is very boring and its hard to find the important information or even the navigation.
The biggest issue with the site is that every navigation page is different. The pricing page looks really good it has a very cohesive and interactive piece to assess the pricing of their product. The colors fit really well with the first page. Again uses the same color purple and introduces some dark grey. The big difference is the font is completely different than the first page. Then the Add Ons option on the navigation completely changes the color scheme. The top navigation bar is completely different and the page format is different. They also removed the original footer. It made me ask if it had directed me to another site. I thought these changes were jarring and a very bad design flaw. Again checking the next item on the navigation bar, the Dev Center, everything is completely different again. Different color scheme, different navigation bar, and all the art and format of the page is different. Also on the Dev Center page they removed contact from the navigation bar and the entire footer. Another really bad idea in terms of design. Next, the Help page, where there is no help. It asks for some log in information. It also removes the navigation bar so theres no way to return to the page you were on you have to return to the main page. This again is bad design, you should never take away the navigation bar, especially if the site dead ends at a log in page. Which I can't see how that correlates with any help information at all. Next for the Contact page they return the original format, navigation bar, footer, and color scheme. The contact page has barely any content on it and in order to access the contact information, the visitor as to choose from a drop down box what they need help with. First, the user didn't ask for help, they asked for contact information. Secondly, after selecting Contact, they should see contact information, not be requested to again select another option from a drop down box. 
At first glance the website looks great but by exploring the site it is very poorly designed. Nothing is cohesive, buttons don't make sense, some pages dead end,and it makes the user feel they are being directed to different sites.