The portfolio website for Jason Santa Maria looks very well made. Programming wise all the buttons and navigation make sense and work well. The reading page is very unique, I like how he added the ability to purchase the book from his site. It would be helpful if the portfolio page were working because it seems to be the main purpose of the site. Everything on the site appears very simple and clean lined. The colors are simple but they work well together. Additionally, the type faces all work well together and the font size is easy to read. I like how at the bottom of the page there is a blacked off section that has some random links so the main content of the page is well defined. Also, the largest icon in the bottom section is a link to his about page. This is a good design feature because the about page is the primary information the website provides. 
	Some aspects that I would critique would be how the website is designed for the viewer. I would change the home screen to focus more on the purpose of his site, like the information about him or his work that he has done. I don't think visitors are visiting the site to be navigated to other article pages so I wouldn't have this as the first thing on the page. The home screen also doesn't leave a lot of white space and the screen seems cluttered. The other pages are laid out very well but the home screen just appears overwhelming. Also, the simplicity of the website would be nice for a more professional personal website but the creator is a Graphic Designer. The visitor wouldn't be able to tell this fact from his website. I think a website on graphic design would be more artistic, and daring, but if the goal of the site is to show his skills at creating a professional and simple website then he was successful.
	Overall the website is easy to navigate, has a constant theme, is easily read and understood, and also provides some useful shortcuts. The website could simply improve on being more uniquely designed because it is a website on graphic design. It could also make the necessary information the forefront of the site like his about screen or the portfolio to show what he's done and who he is. The use of articles on the front page seems stale and busy. I would say that overall it is a well produced website.