Etsy is a site with the primary purpose of selling items. It is a lot like ebay however, all the items for sale are typically handmade. It also only features new items as opposed to used items. The site is built so that users can explore the products featured on the site. The navigation is more useful for browsing the items as opposed to finding a specific item. This is symbolic of the purpose of the site. Users coming to etsy are primarily looking to browse through the unique items instead of looking for a specific item. 
The sites aesthetics are very simplistic and has very little color or art. I believe this is to help feature their unique items and make them more prominent. The colors are all neutral but the only colored item on the page is the main navigation button. This serves as a helpful like to return you to the menu where ever you find yourself on the site. Because the site is focused on browsing and exploring the items it is helpful to have this very identifiable navigation button that will return the user to the beginning if they get lost.
The categorization of the products is also a large part of the site. At first it offers suggestions to browse through but they also offer a search bar. This search bar is very helpful, by suggesting items as you enter a keyword into the bar. After you've entered a keyword to search for, the site offers ways to narrow down what you're looking for. They are able to interactively categorize their inventory by any keyword the user enters. This makes it very easy to find what you're looking for.
The site has also included some aspects of social networking into the site. It is similar to Pintrest, where the user can collect items that they find and create collections that you can share with friends from Facebook, Twitter, or Tumblr. Etsy calls these collections registries and it encourages browsing through these items because you can save the items you like easily. 
Not only can you browse items, build registries, share with friends, and purchase products, but you can also sell your own items. This site offers many popular aspects of several different site is one and I think it is able to offer all of this functionality very well. I think the site has a lot of substance, but paired with its extremely simplistic design it helps keep the user from getting overwhelmed.
Overall, the site is very well designed. It offers so many different functionalities and does it well by creating an easily navigated site.